DxM updates (#2237)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 8 November 2023 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.12.4, SupportAssistant 1.5.2, FieldControl 2.9.1, CoreGateway 2.13.3, ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2, Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Dependencies updated [ID_37798] [ID_37797] [ID_37784] [ID_37785] [ID_37800] [ID_37805]

> Several dependencies have been updated.

Reviewer: Is any more info possible here, to make it a bit less vague (e.g. which dependencies and why)?

Author: It was mainly a dependency on our own shared code, but also for other dependencies (nugets). Our shared code contained some issues in some cases, but it didn't effect behavior in all the DxMs, some were working fine anyway. It's a change we had to do anyway so we did it immediately for all DxMs to have the latest and greatest versions of the dependencies. 

I would leave this generic and not go in debt as it is not needed

#### 8 November 2023 - Enhancement - Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Improved logging [ID_37175]

> Improved the logging by adjusting the log level in some particular cases to reduce log spam and improve visibility on more important logs.

Reviewer 2: Feel like the reduce and improve is redundant

```suggestion
Improved the logging by adjusting the log level in some particular cases to improve visibility on more important logs.
```

> #### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 & Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Issue where a timeout error was logged in ArtifactDeployer [ID_37784] [ID_37785]

Reviewer: These RN numbers are also mentioned in the first entry above. Is this OK?

Author: Yes they are related

> When Orchestrator 1.4.0 and/or ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 or older was/were used, the ArtifactDeployer would log a timeout exception in some specific cases when the Orchestrator module had an error. This has now been resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When Orchestrator 1.4.0 and/or ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 or older was/were used, the ArtifactDeployer would log a timeout exception in some specific cases when the Orchestrator DxM had an error. This has now been resolved.
```

> #### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 - Deployment issues with ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 in clusters [ID_37784] [ID_37784]

Reviewer: This entry has twice the same RN number, which is also a repeat from two earlier entries. Something probably went wrong here.

> #### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 - Deployment issues with ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 in clusters [ID_37784] [ID_37784]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 - Deployment issues with ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 in clusters [ID_37785]
```

> When ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 was used in a cluster, it could occur that deployments were displayed as pending or failed and contain a lot of events in the details overlay on admin.dataminer.services, while in fact the deployment succeeded. This has now been resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 was used in a cluster, it was possible for deployments to be displayed as pending or failed and to contain a lot of events in the details section on admin.dataminer.services, while in fact the deployment succeeded. This has now been resolved.
```

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

> #### 8 November 2023 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.12.4, SupportAssistant 1.5.2, FieldControl 2.9.1, CoreGateway 2.13.3, ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2, Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Dependencies updated [ID_37798] [ID_37797]  [ID_37784] [ID_37785] [ID_37800] [ID_37805]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 8 November 2023 - Enhancement - CloudGateway 2.12.4, SupportAssistant 1.5.2, FieldControl 2.9.1, CoreGateway 2.13.3, ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2, Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Dependencies updated [ID_37798] [ID_37797] [ID_37784] [ID_37785] [ID_37800] [ID_37805]
```

Several dependencies have been updated.

#### 8 November 2023 - Enhancement - Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Improved logging [ID_37175]

Improved the logging by adjusting the log level in some particular cases to reduce log spam and improve visibility on more important logs.

> #### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 & Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Issue where timeout errors were logged in ArtifactDeployer [ID_37784] [ID_37785]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 & Orchestrator 1.4.1 - Issue where a timeout error was logged in ArtifactDeployer [ID_37784] [ID_37785]
```

When Orchestrator 1.4.0 and/or ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 or older was/were used, the ArtifactDeployer would log a timeout exception in some specific cases when the Orchestrator module had an error. This has now been resolved.

> #### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 - Deployment issues with ArtifactDeployers ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 in clusters [ID_37784] [ID_37784]

Author: ```suggestion
#### 8 November 2023 - Fix - ArtifactDeployer 1.5.2 - Deployment issues with ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 in clusters [ID_37784] [ID_37784]
```

> When ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 was used in a cluster, it could occur that deployments were displayed as pending or failed on admin.dataminer.services, while in fact they succeeded. This has now been resolved.

Author: ```suggestion
When ArtifactDeployer 1.5.1 was used in a cluster, it could occur that deployments were displayed as pending or failed and contain a lot of events in the details overlay on admin.dataminer.services, while in fact the deployment succeeded. This has now been resolved.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Make sure to also install DataMiner CloudGateway 2.12.3 to make use of this fix.

Author: ```suggestion
```
